README.md, before:

# HASS Oh Dear

[![Latest Version][ico-version]][link-packagist]
[![Software License][ico-license]](LICENSE.md)
[![Build Status][ico-github-actions]][link-github-actions]
[![Buy us a tree][ico-treeware-gifting]][link-treeware-gifting]

An [Oh Dear](https://ohdear.app) sensor for Home Assistant

## Install

### Via HACS

1. Install the [Home Assistant Community Store (HACS)](https://hacs.xyz/docs/setup/download)
2. Add Oh Dear as a custom repository. See [the HACS FAQs](https://hacs.xyz/docs/faq/custom_repositories) and
   add `https://github.com/owenvoke/hass-ohdear`
3. Select `integration` as the category
4. You should now be able to install Oh Dear via HACS
5. Once installation is complete, restart Home Assistant
6. In the HA UI, go to `Configuration -> Integrations`, click `+` and search for `Oh Dear`

### Manual

1. Using the tool of choice open the directory (folder) for your HA configuration (where you find `configuration.yaml`)
2. If you do not have a `custom_components` directory there, you need to create it
3. Add the `ohdear` directory and its contents from this repository to the `custom_components` directory in your Home
   Assistant configuration directory
4. Restart Home Assistant
5. In the HA UI, go to `Configuration -> Integrations`, click `+` and search for `Oh Dear`

### Dependencies

This component relies on my [`ohdear-sdk` Python package](https://github.com/owenvoke/ohdear-python-sdk), an unofficial
client for the Oh Dear API.

## Usage

This can be configured fully via the Integrations interface. Click the following link to add a new Oh Dear site.

[![Add Integration](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/config_flow_start.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/config_flow_start?domain=ohdear)

You'll need an API key from Oh Dear, you can [generate one here](https://ohdear.app/user/api-tokens). You'll also need
to know the id of the site, you can do this by browsing to the [sites](https://ohdear.app/sites) page, selecting the
site you want to monitor, and copying the id from the URL. Alternatively, this is shown at the bottom of the settings
page under the API section.

## Security

If you discover any security related issues, please email security@voke.dev instead of using the issue tracker.

## Credits

- [Owen Voke][link-author]
- [All Contributors][link-contributors]

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.

## Treeware

You're free to use this package, but if it makes it to your production environment please consider buying the world a tree.

It’s now common knowledge that one of the best tools to tackle the climate crisis and keep our temperatures from rising above 1.5C is to plant trees. If you support this package and contribute to the Treeware forest you’ll be creating employment for local families and restoring wildlife habitats.

You can buy trees [here][link-treeware-gifting].

Read more about Treeware at [treeware.earth][link-treeware].

[ico-version]: https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/owenvoke/hass-ohdear.svg?style=flat-square&sort=semver
[ico-license]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square
[ico-github-actions]: https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/owenvoke/hass-ohdear/Tests.svg?style=flat-square
[ico-treeware-gifting]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Treeware-%F0%9F%8C%B3-lightgreen?style=flat-square

[link-packagist]: https://packagist.org/packages/owenvoke/hass-ohdear
[link-github-actions]: https://github.com/owenvoke/hass-ohdear/actions
[link-treeware]: https://treeware.earth
[link-treeware-gifting]: https://ecologi.com/owenvoke?gift-trees
[link-author]: https://github.com/owenvoke
[link-contributors]: ../../contributors

Commit message:

docs: add details about configuring scan interval

README.md, after:

# HASS Oh Dear

[![Latest Version][ico-version]][link-packagist]
[![Software License][ico-license]](LICENSE.md)
[![Build Status][ico-github-actions]][link-github-actions]
[![Buy us a tree][ico-treeware-gifting]][link-treeware-gifting]

An [Oh Dear](https://ohdear.app) sensor for Home Assistant

## Install

### Via HACS

1. Install the [Home Assistant Community Store (HACS)](https://hacs.xyz/docs/setup/download)
2. Add Oh Dear as a custom repository. See [the HACS FAQs](https://hacs.xyz/docs/faq/custom_repositories) and
   add `https://github.com/owenvoke/hass-ohdear`
3. Select `integration` as the category
4. You should now be able to install Oh Dear via HACS
5. Once installation is complete, restart Home Assistant
6. In the HA UI, go to `Configuration -> Integrations`, click `+` and search for `Oh Dear`

### Manual

1. Using the tool of choice open the directory (folder) for your HA configuration (where you find `configuration.yaml`)
2. If you do not have a `custom_components` directory there, you need to create it
3. Add the `ohdear` directory and its contents from this repository to the `custom_components` directory in your Home
   Assistant configuration directory
4. Restart Home Assistant
5. In the HA UI, go to `Configuration -> Integrations`, click `+` and search for `Oh Dear`

### Dependencies

This component relies on my [`ohdear-sdk` Python package](https://github.com/owenvoke/ohdear-python-sdk), an unofficial
client for the Oh Dear API.

## Usage

This can be configured fully via the Integrations interface. Click the following link to add a new Oh Dear site.

[![Add Integration](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/config_flow_start.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/config_flow_start?domain=ohdear)

You'll need an API key from Oh Dear, you can [generate one here](https://ohdear.app/user/api-tokens). You'll also need
to know the id of the site, you can do this by browsing to the [sites](https://ohdear.app/sites) page, selecting the
site you want to monitor, and copying the id from the URL. Alternatively, this is shown at the bottom of the settings
page under the API section.

The "Scan interval" can also be configured, this defaults to polling the API every 5 minutes.

## Security

If you discover any security related issues, please email security@voke.dev instead of using the issue tracker.

## Credits

- [Owen Voke][link-author]
- [All Contributors][link-contributors]

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.

## Treeware

You're free to use this package, but if it makes it to your production environment please consider buying the world a tree.

It’s now common knowledge that one of the best tools to tackle the climate crisis and keep our temperatures from rising above 1.5C is to plant trees. If you support this package and contribute to the Treeware forest you’ll be creating employment for local families and restoring wildlife habitats.

You can buy trees [here][link-treeware-gifting].

Read more about Treeware at [treeware.earth][link-treeware].

[ico-version]: https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/owenvoke/hass-ohdear.svg?style=flat-square&sort=semver
[ico-license]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square
[ico-github-actions]: https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/owenvoke/hass-ohdear/Tests.svg?style=flat-square
[ico-treeware-gifting]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Treeware-%F0%9F%8C%B3-lightgreen?style=flat-square

[link-packagist]: https://packagist.org/packages/owenvoke/hass-ohdear
[link-github-actions]: https://github.com/owenvoke/hass-ohdear/actions
[link-treeware]: https://treeware.earth
[link-treeware-gifting]: https://ecologi.com/owenvoke?gift-trees
[link-author]: https://github.com/owenvoke
[link-contributors]: ../../contributors
